The fundamental issue is likely a misconfiguration in how Vercel is building and serving your project. Vercel needs to understand that it should:

Build the Vite frontend: Run vite build (or your equivalent build script) targeting your client directory.
Serve the static output: Serve the files generated by the build process (which your config specifies should be in dist/public).
Handle the API routes: Recognize your server/ code (or preferably code in an api/ directory) as serverless functions.
When you see the raw server code displayed, it usually means Vercel isn't correctly serving the static index.html from your build output (dist/public). Instead, it might be trying to execute or directly serve the entry point of your server code (server/index.ts) in a way that causes its content to be displayed.

Here's a breakdown of potential causes and how to fix them:

1. Incorrect Vercel Project Settings:

Framework Preset: Vercel usually detects Vite automatically, but it might be confused by your project structure (having both client and server at the root).
Fix: Go to your project settings on Vercel. Ensure the "Framework Preset" is explicitly set to "Vite".
Build Command: Vercel needs to run the correct command to build your frontend.
Fix: Verify your package.json has a build script like "build": "vite build". In Vercel project settings under "Build & Development Settings", ensure the "Build Command" is correct (it might need to be npm run build or potentially something like cd client && npm install && npm run build if dependencies are only in client, although your vite.config.ts seems to be at the root). If your vite.config.ts is at the root and correctly points to client as the root, then vite build or npm run build at the root should work.
Output Directory: Vercel needs to know where the built frontend assets are located. Your vite.config.ts specifies build.outDir: path.resolve(import.meta.dirname, "dist/public").
Fix: In Vercel project settings, set the "Output Directory" override to dist/public. Vercel needs to know to serve this directory as the static site.
Root Directory: If your package.json and vite.config.ts are in the project root, the "Root Directory" setting in Vercel should likely remain empty (defaulting to the repository root). If they were inside the client folder, you would set it to client. Based on your config paths (import.meta.dirname), it seems they are at the root.
2. Server Code Interference / Incorrect Server Logic for Production:

Your server/index.ts has logic to differentiate between development and production:
TypeScript

if (app.get('env') === 'development') {
    await setupVite(app, server); // Uses Vite dev server
} else {
    serveStatic(app); // Serves static files from dist/public
}
On Vercel, NODE_ENV is automatically set to production, so the serveStatic(app) branch should be running.
Problem: Running a persistent Express server (server.listen(...)) like this is not the standard way to deploy backends on Vercel's serverless architecture. While the serveStatic function tries to serve the correct files, Vercel's infrastructure might be conflicting with this custom server setup. Vercel expects to handle the serving of the static "Output Directory" itself.
Fix (Recommended Vercel Approach):
Let Vercel handle static serving: Configure the "Output Directory" in Vercel settings (as mentioned above) to dist/public. Vercel will automatically serve the index.html and other assets from there.
Move API logic to Serverless Functions: Create an api directory in your project root. Move your route handlers (from server/routes.ts) into files within this api directory (e.g., api/tryouts/[slug].ts, api/users/index.ts, api/users/[id].ts). Each file typically exports a default function that handles the request and response, often using a lightweight framework or just Node.js http handlers. You can still use Express within these functions if needed, but you wouldn't run app.listen.
Remove or modify server/index.ts: This file, in its current form (starting a persistent server), is likely unnecessary and potentially problematic for Vercel deployment. You might keep shared code (storage.ts, schema.ts) but the server setup and listening logic should be removed or adapted for serverless functions.
3. Build Issues:

Is the vite build command actually succeeding in the Vercel deployment environment?
Check: Look at the build logs on Vercel for your deployment. Ensure there are no errors during the vite build step and that it reports creating the dist/public directory with the expected files (index.html, JS/CSS assets).
In Summary (Most Likely Solution Path):

Go to your Vercel project settings.
Set Framework Preset to Vite.
Ensure Build Command is correctly set to run your Vite build (e.g., npm run build).
Set Output Directory override to dist/public.
Refactor your backend API routes:
Create an api/ directory at the root.
Move your Express route logic into individual files within api/ following Vercel's Serverless Function conventions.
Remove the server.listen() call and the serveStatic logic from your server/index.ts, as Vercel will handle serving the frontend based on the Output Directory setting.
Redeploy.